Foundations/Installations/Text Editors: Clarification of assignment instruction (#25053)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/installations/text_editors.md

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

>   1. Familiarizing yourself with VSCode will allow you to save time and become more productive. By watching this [VSCode Tutorial for Beginners](https://youtu.be/ORrELERGIHs?t=103) video, you'll get an idea of all the features VSCode has to offer. Don't concern yourself with installing Git just yet, that will be covered in a few lessons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Familiarizing yourself with VSCode will allow you to save time and become more productive. By watching this [VSCode Tutorial for Beginners](https://youtu.be/ORrELERGIHs?t=103) video, you'll get an idea of all the features VSCode has to offer. Don't worry about actually coding along, just watch for the way that VSCode is used throughout the video.
```
